# boilerPlate
This portfolio project a lot of work, but I think my results were very good. Overall, I had an extremely hard time with this project and it is nowhere near perfect. I must say I am proud of how much I was able to accomplish. I had a lot of struggling with my grids, animations, and hover effects. Only one out of these three things was able to be accomplished by the code of Lara and her assistant. The problem I have with my grids is that they are not very cohesive, and also not very responsive. I truly can not figure out how to make them repsonsive. For my portfolio pages, I spent three days trying to add a hover to the images so text would appear when hovered over, but I came to no success. I would code it correctly, but it never worked when live. I will continue to try to get this feature to work because I think it would really add a lot to the portfolio page. I am very happy with the arrangements of the pages and the overall aesthetic of my site. I feel like it is a good representation of me and my work as a designer.

For my site, I learned a lot about grid-rows and grid-columns. While this type of grid was not required, Lara said it would be useful for my pages with animations. At first I was extremely confused by it, and it did take some practice but I am very happy I was able to implement it into my site. In my portfolio site I also used tables, hovers, divs, and grid template areas. Margins-left and margins-top was extremely used in the spacing for all of my pages. Coding this site has made me feel very confident in understanding this indepth language. While the site itself does not have much advanced code, I believe I could still understand and work my way through a site that did. Another element I learned was the use of sticky. I used it in my portfolio pages to go back to the main page. I think this feature is very useful on this page for quick and easy access. 

Some things I could not get a hold of was the submit button on my contact me page, and my home buttons to work on my portfolio page. I did not understand how to code the submit button to actually work to get to a working page. For the home button issue, I tried every combination of back slashes and periods to get them to work but I failed. I am quite confused by this because the code is underlined and when clicked, it goes to a white screen but does not have an error message on it. Lastly, I also was not able to get my freelance work button on my portfolio page to go closer to umassd work. Coding these buttons was actually a learning experience for me because I used the flex atribute to make them line up horizontally. 

While not perfect, I am very happy with my results because I know how much time, effort, learning, and growing this portfolio took for me. 

